Updates based on Dave's comments (#40)
mbrandenburger/fabric-rfcs: text/0000-fabric-private-chaincode-1.0.md

(1) minimize the requirements on Fabric core, specifically no code changes,
(2) enable a clear roadmap beyond this first architecture to cover larger classes of use-cases, to provide a richer programming model and to gain additional performance benefits (besides computation also reduce communication costs over standard fabric) while providing a largely unchanged [User Experience](#user-experience).

> Overall, FPC adds another line of defense around a chaincode. Over time and with continued development of support for other languages and Trusted Execution Environments.

Reviewer: This doesn't read well.
```suggestion
Overall, FPC adds another line of defense around a chaincode, in addition to channels and private data.
```

### Enclave Endorsement Validation

> The Enclave Endorsement Validation component verifies the correctness of a result of an FPC Chaincode execution and persists state updates to the ledger.

Reviewer: I guess this section should start like
"This component implements the second step of an FPC chaincode invocation."

> The Enclave Endorsement Validation component verifies the correctness of a result of an FPC Chaincode execution and transforms the FPC chaincode state updates to a read/writeset of a traditional Fabric transaction.

Reviewer: The last part is not strictly true: the FPC validation does not make "a read/writeset of a traditional Fabric transaction".
Given the explanation below, the deleted line looks actually good and accurate to me.

In particular, the Validation Logic receives the output of a FPC Chaincode invocation, which is encrypted and signed by the enclave.
The validation logic verifies the signature over the enclave execution response and that the response was produced by an enclave registered at the Enclave Registry.
Once the verification succeeds, the Enclave Endorsement Validation component applies any state updates issued by the FPC Chaincode using `get_state` and `put_state` operations.
As the Validation logic is bundled together with the FPC Chaincode in a single Fabric chaincode package,

> these updates are eventually committed within the same namespace during the "normal" validation phase of the transaction. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these updates are eventually committed within the same namespace during the validation-and-commit phase of a Fabric transaction. 
```

The FPC Chaincode processes the invocation according to the implemented chaincode logic.
While executing, the chaincode can access the World State through `getState` and `putState` operations provided by the FPC Shim. From the chaincode perspective, the arguments of the former, and the output the latter, are plaintext data.

> The FPC Shim fetches the state data from the peer and loads it into the enclave.

Reviewer: I would leave (or rephrase) the deleted line. The shim does not just fetch state.
```suggestion
The FPC Shim stores and fetches the state data from the peer and loads it into the enclave.
```
